---
layout: post
title:  "Prologue Pt. 2: Florence As It Is"
date:   2017-04-22 00:00:0
categories: update
---

I think I've finally fallen in love, and it just so happens that the object of my affections is the entire city of Florence. Today was incredible, and if the rest of my trip is going to be anything like it, I'm in for the time of my life.

This morning, I walked the entire way from the my apartment lodgings to the Piazzale Michelangelo, where I spent most of the day enjoying the view of the city, touring the church of San Miniato, and eating my way through cone after cone of delicious gelato. It was fantastic. Some of my favorite flavors that I tried include: extra-rich, super-dark chocolate with orange zest; lemon with honey and ginger; and a simple mascarpone, milk, and cream. I couldn't bring myself to try the mango one (still not a fan of most fruit), and the only only flavor I couldn't finish was a ricotta-based one that tasted far too much like regular cheese. Ick.

San Miniato al Monte is absolutely incredible. It easily made my list of top churches I've ever visited, including the Cathedral in Montreal and the National Shrine in D.C. The interior is gorgeous, what with the white-and-green marble, various frescos covering the side walls, the <i>baldacchino</i> (at least I think that's technically what it is-- they definitely called it something else) designed by Michelozzo at Piero di Cosimo de' Medici's request, and the somber crypt below. I wish the upper level had been open to the public, because I wanted to get a closer look at the Byzantine-style apse mosaic of Christ Pantocrator. San Miniato was also amazing because of the music that I heard there. When I first entered, the monks of the attached Benedictine monastery were chanting, which immediately caught my attention. I noticed a flyer after I initially left that said there was a public concert being performed at 4, which I decided to return for. I wasn't disappointed, and the concert made my back-and-forth between the gelato festival and San Miniato absolutely worth it.

After I finally left the mount, I went back through the San Niccolo Oltranto district and realized it was time for dinner. I ended up ordering a panino in the smallest, most hole-in-the-wall store I've ever seen. The panino itself had bresaola, rocket, some soft cheese I can't remember that started with a 'c,' a hint of lemon, and a generous serving of pepper. It. Was. Divine. When I return in several weeks and move in to my apartment in the area, I'll be sure to hunt down this little shop again and slowly work my way through their menu. Once I finished dinner, I started very slowly meandering my way back to the apartment, mainly by way of Florence's city center, as I decided that I couldn't leave without actually seeing the main sites, if only briefly. The Palazzo Vecchio, Loggia dei Lanzi, Orsanmichele, Santa Maria del Fiore, San Giovanni, and more-- it was all incredible. I can't wait to return in several weeks to begin photographing them and doing research. It's going to be great.

Of course the one downside was that I chose to break in my new sneakers today and my feet hurt more than normal, but I don't mind much. I'd gladly do it all over again in a heartbeat, and I'm looking forward to exploring Siena in much the same way.

Ciao for now!

Aidan
