---
title: Day 1&#58; Arriving in Siena
---

Though my stay in Florence was certainly incredible, I'm looking forward to staying in Siena just as much, if not more (for now). I want to get used to the country in a smaller, more walkable city, and everything I've heard about Siena poits to it meeting that on both accounts. At the moment, however, what I'm most looking forward to is lunch.

The view along the drive here strikes me as extremely similar to the Shenandoah Valley, but in lighter shades of green and slightly different-looking tress. But the hills roll in much the same way, and the mountains in the distance remind me of the Appalachians. I think I saw Monteriggioni at one point, which I may try to visit if I have a chance.

My lab partner/classmate/burgeoning friend John and I went out for lunch after moving in. Once again, I hunted around for a place that wasn't a huge tourist trap, and once again I found a hole-in-the-wall sandwich shop that had an awesome deal-- a panino and a glass of wine (Poggia Vecchio, I think?) for four and a half euros. Europe is heaven.

We had to fight to get the clothesline in something resembling working conditions, and even then it's going to need a lot more work. The apartment is pretty nice, with some dated furniture that my mom would proabably love, and best of all, a gas stove.

It turns out that we are literally two steps away from the headquarters of our <i>contrada</i>, <i>Torre</i>, aka the Elephant. Hopefully we'll be able to find the church and see the little museum that each contrada evidently maintains, though just seeing Torre's would also be ok.
