---
title: Prologue Pt. 1&#58; The Journey Begins
---
I'm writing this from Gate 40 in Orlando International Airport's B Terminal on April 20, having somehow made it through TSA in a shorter amount of time than even the Sanford airport normally manages. Please ignore the lack of formatting on this page; I'll try fixing it when I have some time.

I don't think the enormity of my trip has fully sunken in quite yet, which is odd given that I'm feeling so incredibly nervous right now, possibly more so than at any other time in my life. Eleven (almost twelve) weeks right now seems like an incredibly long time, but I know that in another 20 years or so, it will feel all too short. Hopefully these "blog posts" (is it really a blog if I'm not writing it on a traditional blogging platform and whatnot?) will help preserve my experiences well enough that I never forget everything that happens. I already know I want to remember this trip for the rest of my life.

Does visiting Canada for less than a week count as traveling internationally? I feel as though it really shouldn't. If so, this will be my first time truly outside the country and certainly my first going to another continent. Everything I've read seems to indicate that I'm going to be spending money like a man undergoing his midlife crisis, what with all the food and transportation and lodging costs, but I'll do my best to be thrifty. I'd like some of my summer funding to remain available after this is all said and done.

<hr>

Hello world! I've finally made it to Florence after a series of incredibly nerve-wracking layovers and one of the worst nights of sleep in my life. The flights from Orlando to Dulles and Brussels to Florence were fine; it was the Transatlantic one that really killed me. Firstly, I completely forgot to bring any pens or pencils with me, so I couldn't work on my science labs like I planned. Secondly, and I know this is one of the oldest jokes in the book, but <i>man</i>, what is up with airline food? Thirdly, I don't think I actually managed to get a single hour of sleep on the plane. No matter what I did, I was uncomfortable and unable to zone out properly, even after taking an Advil PM. So much for getting a head start on changing my sleep schedule.

I didn't have any trouble finding my gates or navigating my way around the airports- I'm already surprised by how much english is present here, whether on ads and signs, on labeling and packages, or even being spoken by Europeans whose accents show that they're definitely <i>not</i> native speakers. I hope I have enough opportunities to work on my Italian rather than falling back to English all the time.

I walked from the airport to the apartment I'm staying at (yes Mom, I made it here ok (and saved some euros doing so by not taking a taxi)) and met my Airbnb host, Sara. She's very sweet and her place is very nice, if somewhat far from the city center. That's not too much of an issue, though, seeing as I'm only here for two nights. The best part is the number of Renaissance painting replicas scattered throughout the apartment- Sara says her mom painted them, and I can vouch for her mohter's talent.

Sara is out at the moment, and I'm on the balcony trying to get some sun to help reset my circadian rythm and avoid the worst of my jet lag. It'd be so nice to take a nap right now, but I'm afraid that, even if I only plan on getting an hour or two in, I'd end up sleeping through my alarm and making no progress adjusting whatsoever. It's actually somewhat chilly right now, which makes sun-napping that much more tempting.
One final perk to this place is the veritable swarm of dandelion-like seeds floating around on the breeze. I think they're coming from a tree around the corner, but regardless of where or how they got here, I'm enjoying watching them drift lazily through the air.

I think that's enough for a first post, so ciao for now- tomorrow I'll have my first full day, and most of it will be at the Gelato Festival!
